Captain, honor us to the captain.
Varys, my useless nephew,
has relied on his parents to get to where he is today.
He's nothing.
SHUT UP!
You fool!
The captain from the Golden Corps will give us 17.
His entire net worth is more than the Stark family.
What? No way! He's the captain of the Golden Corps?
I... I...
He's the captain.
Dad said that's the only person his agent ability is on par with me.
Jayvie, why didn't you ever tell us that you were the captain?
That's obvious, Grandma.
He founded the Golden Corps.
Family means nothing to him, I'm sure.
I should be the lead of the family. I'm the eldest son.
Jayvie, did you embezzle family money to fund the Golden Corps?
Then the Golden Corps is part of the rightful property of Stannis.
You always had your favorites, Grandma.
The captain founded the Corps before he was head of the Stark family.
This doesn't have anything to do with you.
Oh.
You're a stupid old hag.
I bet you don't even know that Stannis and Melanie are poisoning you.
What did you say?